we have a deal
you can tell that
It is also not important to be able to say good things to the dog
zuzulegen still fix properly
that helps nobody live
front and back
and kept him out of the ostrich
whether the intimate ones
it was not clear
if they have a helper it is very important Infineon lose that
her hands
under the extremities
and fixed his neck here
and here the under extreme deep and fix the pelvis that's the right one
Starting position that you can create, for example, associations or
could do anything with her animal m
we'll put on a bandage now, you need something attached
danced here with the bandage not who socks then points again slips
a man sticks have kick twice
and then here is not just not the dogs
hit what is important in a dead bandage is the first
as standard, the odds with one with her
and that's not his thing Rheine also gave Marc money
so they do not give any indication
not any
Cause injury
that has put pressure on bands
"It's very important to keep your fingers crossed for those who are not in the hit list
submit to them
do not forget you are here
I wait between these pull in a Kremser
on the booming on this event the mud can be cleaned purified
quoted Fritz Barth give
and then they take one warns the bandage
we know
this dead one
her task is now told to give this fod of shepherds to me
to hold up a bit and hold against
and then you can get here
Know Vith
very important in the dead of Qantas puts that sees the paws
to go a way
so that no so-called the lion fugte emergence
that means what is accumulating down there on the liquid and she is waiting
just clicked
in
Brink this procedure then
more
what they can do then is with an elastic No let yourself
the whole thing is something to take away
harder to dictate one
Circle also very important that they clarified before
and then gangs
dosed again
the dead
this is why it is too tight open-air events is why this will be handled directly
To speak whole came to arrests that can then become a pressure bandage for the
They do not want to do it
that is very important that you can leave a bit JK the whole
met again
Now I want to St Cost point is here yes that's all important
or that just fine that the kids first-aid kit in April
that should always be there
and at home you usually have a first aid cook before you get there
to grab it